Add Backfilled data script (#28)
meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

To run this project, you will need:

- Node >= 14 && node <= 17
- Npm >= v7
- A google account
- Latest version of `firebase-tools` the Firebase CLI:
  ``` bash
  yarn global add firebase-tools
  ```

>   Add the directory for the commands of the packages installed globally in yarn, to access of firebase binary:

Reviewer: What do you mean `in yarn` ?
Is this sentence meant to be for the code above?

Author: No, it's for the code below. Actually, if you install `firebase-tools` with `npm` you just have to run `npm install -g firebase-tools` but with `yarn` I had some trouble and I had to run the other command to make it works:
```sh
  export PATH="$(yarn global bin):$PATH"
```

To run this project, you will need:

> - Node >= 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node >= 14 && node <= 17
```
Once 16 and 17 are tested!

> - Yarn or Npm >= v7

Reviewer: I dont think they have matching version numbers

Each PR should pass the tests and the linter to be accepted.

```bash
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh # download Meilisearch
./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics=true # run Meilisearch

# Tests
yarn test

# Tests in watch mode
yarn test:watch

# Linter
yarn lint

# Linter with fixing
yarn lint:fix

# Build the project
yarn build
```

### Run the backfilled-data script

> Run the import script using [`npx` (the Node Package Runner)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) via `yarn` (the Node Package Manager).

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this sentence. What do you mean? Npx and yarn are two separate things

Author: Yes, but you will need `yarn` or `npm` to run and install `npx`

Reviewer: See beneeth, you don't need to specify how you installed npx, The link you provided is enough. Also npx is downloaded via npm not yarn! But so is a lot of things and they may even be other ways to download npx! 
```suggestion
Run the import script using [`npx` (the Node Package Runner)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx).
```

> - Set up credentials. The import script uses Application Default Credentials to communicate with Firebase. Please follow the instructions [generate a private key file for your service account](https://firebase.google.com/docs/admin/setup#initialize-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up credentials. The import script uses the application's default credentials to communicate with Firebase. Please follow the instructions [generate a private key file for your service account](https://firebase.google.com/docs/admin/setup#initialize-sdk).
```

- Run the import script interactively via `npx` by running ONE of the following commands:
  - Run interactively:
    ```bash
    npx firestore-meilisearch
    ```

  - Or run non-interactively with paramaters:
    ```bash

>     npx firestore-meilisearch --project <project_id> --source-collection-path <collection_name> --index <index_uid> --batch-size <100/default=300> --non-interactive --host <host_address> --api-key <api_key>

Reviewer: You may have to add `\` between each line ?

Each PR should pass the tests and the linter to be accepted.

```bash
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh # download Meilisearch
./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics # run Meilisearch

# Tests
yarn test

# Tests in watch mode
yarn test:watch

# Linter
yarn lint

# Linter with fixing
yarn lint:fix

# Build the project
yarn build
```

### Run the backfilled-data script

Run the import script using [`npx` (the Node Package Runner)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) via `yarn` (the Node Package Manager).
- Set up credentials. The import script uses the application's default credentials to communicate with Firebase. Please follow the instructions [generate a private key file for your service account](https://firebase.google.com/docs/admin/setup#initialize-sdk).

> - Run the import script interactively via `npx` by running ONE of the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the import script interactively using `npx` and run ONE of the following commands:
```

Reviewer: You prefer not to update this sentence?

  - Run interactively:
    ```bash
    npx firestore-meilisearch
    ```

  - Or run non-interactively with paramaters:
    ```bash
    npx firestore-meilisearch \
      --project <project_id> \
      --source-collection-path <collection_name> \
      --index <index_uid> \
      --batch-size <100/default=300> \
      --host <host_address> \
      --api-key <api_key> \
      --non-interactive
    ```
    **Note**: The `--batch-size` and `--query-collection-group` arguments are optional. To see its usage, run the above command with `--help`.

- Run the project for development:
Launch Meilisearch instance:
``` bash
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh # download Meilisearch
./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics # run Meilisearch
```
Launch the watcher on the project:
``` bash
yarn watch
```

> Launch the watcher on the script. You must first have modified this command in the `package.json` file with your own data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch the watcher on the script. If you are using different credentials, the informations of the playground script must be changed inside the `package.json` :
```

What do you mean? Which data?

Author: I mean your own parameters like your project_id and your collection_path
